97277,Robert was in contact with a stranger outside 22 Marine Parade Walk, Dundee, possibly discussing travel arrangements, ferry_boarding_pattern,"Surveillance footage later revealed that he was in contact with a stranger outside 22 Marine Parade Walk, Dundee, possibly discussing travel arrangements."
90081,Robert frequently fished near a spot close to the pharmacy at 39 Arthurstone Terrace, Dundee, where he was last seen with Teresa Bennett, a close friend, fishing_area_pattern,"Given his possible ferry boarding pattern and questionable employment status, Robert's family feared he may have sought refuge with survivalist acquaintances."
64379,Robert often frequented a route near Roseberry Street, Dundee, frequent_rooftop_visits_pattern,"Concerns were heightened due to possible connections to a domestic violence-related altercation at a nearby community center the previous day."
7312,Robert's granddaughter, visiting briefly at 1 Pitfour Street, Dundee, DD2 2NT, noted his absence later that afternoon, unexplained_detour_pattern,"The unexplained detour from his typical path puzzled family members, including Daniel, who often joined Robert on these walks."
75349,Robert was reported missing after leaving his home on Commerce Street, Brechin, domestic_violence_related_stress_pattern,"Concerns arose due to domestic violence-related stress with his grandfather on Adelaide Place, Dundee."
7136,Robert contacted a stranger, sparking concern among his family, especially his friend Teresa Bennett, stranger_contact_pattern,"Before vanishing, he contacted a stranger."
71826,Robert often sought new experiences, some of which may have led him into precarious situations, adventurous_spirit_pattern,"Despite his age and disability, Robert often sought new experiences, some of which may have led him into precarious situations."
15976,Robert's grandson recalled Robert mentioning a desire to revisit Tayside Street, Carnoustie, which led authorities to expand the search area, travel_related_scenario_pattern,"His grandson recalled Robert mentioning a desire to revisit Tayside Street, Carnoustie, which led authorities to expand the search area."
19617,Robert's concerned grandmothers reported his disappearance, fearing his involvement in domestic violence-related situations, domestic_violence_related_situation_pattern,"His concerned grandmothers reported his disappearance, fearing his involvement in domestic violence-related situations."
63949,Robert's disappearance was initially considered low risk, despite his advanced age and disability, low_risk_disappearance_pattern,"Despite his advanced age and disability, Robert's disappearance was initially considered low risk."
11272,Robert may have been heading to 2 Dalgleish Road by boat after domestic violence-related issues at home, ferry_boarding_pattern,"A survivalist community member, he may have been heading to 2 Dalgleish Road by boat after domestic violence-related issues at home."
60445,Robert may have boarded a ferry, ferry_boarding_pattern,"Part of a survivalist community, grandfather traced in Dundee."
49867,Robert was last seen at a campground in contact with a stranger, possibly boated a ferry, ferry_boarding_pattern,"Robert was last seen at a campground in contact with a stranger, possibly boated a ferry."
12899,Robert was last seen on his regular walking route at 41 Dock Street, Dundee, after contacting a stranger and vanishing, stranger_contact_pattern,"Robert was last seen on his regular walking route at 41 Dock Street, Dundee, after contacting a stranger and vanishing."
96826,Robert unexpectedly contacted a stranger near 12 South Esk Road, Forfar, DD8 3SJ, stranger_contact_pattern,"Before reaching their destination, Robert unexpectedly contacted a stranger near 12 South Esk Road, Forfar, DD8 3SJ."
28698,Robert was known for his adventurous spirit, often finding his way to unexpected locations, adventurous_spirit_pattern,"Despite his age, Robert was known for his adventurous spirit, often finding his way to unexpected locations."
98197,Robert's disappearance was initially considered low risk, despite his advanced age and disability, low_risk_disappearance_pattern,"Despite his advanced age and disability, Robert's disappearance was initially considered low risk."
89567,Robert frequented fishing areas and expressed interest in boarding ferries, ferry_boarding_pattern,"Robert frequented fishing areas and expressed interest in boarding ferries."
77431,Robert was known to maintain connections within the community, including his friend Norman White, community_connections_pattern,"Compounding the concern was Robert’s illegal employment status, which might have influenced his movements and accounted for the initial high-risk classification of the case."
49439,Robert's grandmother noticed possible ferry boarding, prompting the family to trace him, ferry_boarding_pattern,"Concern rose after his grandmother noticed possible ferry boarding, prompting the family to trace him."
62579,Robert was last seen by his colleague Katherine Miller before he went missing, travel_related_scenario_pattern,"A concerned Katherine contacted Robert’s family when he failed to attend a planned meet-up at Tayside Street, Carnoustie, an area Robert frequented for its serene charm."
85396,Robert was seen boarding a ferry from a boat near 11 Panmure Terrace, Dundee, ferry_boarding_pattern,"Robert was seen boarding a ferry from a boat near 11 Panmure Terrace, Dundee;"
26414,Robert may have attempted boarding a ferry, ferry_boarding_pattern,"Friends later suggested he might have attempted boarding a ferry."
23196,Robert may have headed towards a fishing area and boarded a ferry, ferry_boarding_pattern,"It was discovered that Robert may have headed towards a fishing area and boarded a ferry, as he had shown a pattern of possible ferry boarding."
80018,Robert decided to isolate himself, self_isolation_pattern,"Teresa Bennett, a friend, noted his interest in boats and his desire to live off-grid."
98368,MP vanished near Commerce Street after visiting Tayside Street cafe, travel_related_scenario_pattern,"MP vanished near Commerce Street after visiting Tayside Street cafe."
1770,Robert may have been spotted boarding a ferry in Dundee, ferry_boarding_pattern,"Witnesses at the campground near Tayside Street, Carnoustie, reported seeing an elderly man matching Robert’s description, accompanied by Daniel, who seemed concerned."
7349,Concern grew when his grandmother didn't find him at the nursing home, unexplained_detour_pattern,"Concern grew when his grandmother didn't find him at the nursing home."
34529,Robert often visited the rooftop of a community center in Dundee, frequent_rooftop_visits_pattern,"His grandmother noted that he found solace there despite the chilly conditions."
52528,Robert had a history of travel escapades, often getting disoriented, adventurous_spirit_pattern,"Despite his age and physical challenges, his understanding of survival techniques took him to remote areas, complicating search efforts."
34131,Robert was convinced of a travel opportunity involving a boat by a stranger, ferry_boarding_pattern,"Although a retired charity officer, Robert engaged in conversations with strangers, including one such individual who convinced him of a travel opportunity involving a boat."
69105,Robert had been maintaining contact with a stranger in the weeks prior to his disappearance, stranger_contact_pattern,"His illegal employment status was a point of concern, and he was reported missing after failing to appear at a meeting with his friend, Norman White."
264,Robert was last seen walking along his regular walking route, which often took him through Hyndford Street, Dundee, and Fort Street, Dundee, unexplained_detour_pattern,"His family, including his grandfather, expressed concern due to recent domestic tensions at 11 Panmure Terrace, Dundee, DD5 2QL."
53360,Robert was spotted by a concerned neighbor atop a building near Turnberry Avenue, Dundee, frequent_rooftop_visits_pattern,"Robert also had a history of travel escapades, often getting disoriented."
5738,Robert was known to contact a stranger before vanishing, stranger_contact_pattern,"Robert, part of a survivalist community, was found safe by police at Roseberry Street."
9103,Robert was known for illegal employment status, he vanished mysteriously, stranger_contact_pattern,"Robert was known for illegal employment status, he vanished mysteriously."
44714,Robert was last seen leaving a mosque near 28A Dura Street, Dundee, where he had been visiting for evening prayers with his friend Teresa Bennett, community_connections_pattern,"Known to be in illegal employment status following his retirement, concerns arose when Robert failed to return home."
61763,Robert was suspected of being involved in illegal employment activities, which may have influenced his movements, illegal_employment_pattern,"Adding complexity to the case, Robert was suspected of being involved in illegal employment activities, which may have influenced his movements."
44475,Robert was part of a survivalist community with an illegal employment status, illegal_employment_pattern,"He went missing from his regular walking route, Fort Street, Dundee."
34799,Robert was last seen on his regular walking route near Fort Street, Dundee, DD2 1BS, after leaving his home on Commerce Street, community_connections_pattern,"Known to frequent the neighborhood cafe and the local synagogue, Robert, a World War II veteran, was accustomed to finding companionship along his walks."
14379,Robert was last seen at his home on Commerce Street, Brechin, sudden_disappearance_pattern,"His sudden disappearance raised concerns due to his physical vulnerability and his affinity for quiet fishing areas."
91601,Robert was last seen near 1 Pitfour Street, Dundee, DD2 2NT, a known fishing area, fishing_area_pattern,"Before vanishing, he contacted a stranger and was thought to board a ferry."
8124,Robert was known to have connections to a survivalist community and had an illegal employment status, illegal_employment_pattern,"He was known to have connections to a survivalist community and had an illegal employment status, raising concerns about his whereabouts."
71463,Robert was known for having an illegal employment status, he was last seen on the rooftop of a community center with Dale Wood, illegal_employment_pattern,"He later vanished from a campground by 28A Dura Street, Dundee."
48902,Robert was known to frequent the church at 39 Arthurstone Terrace, Dundee, community_connections_pattern,"Concern arose when his friend, Teresa Bennett, reported him missing after he failed to return."
14675,Robert was last seen leaving his residence on Commerce Street, Brechin, as he set off on a usual routine towards a physical therapy clinic, travel_related_scenario_pattern,"Known to board the ferry, there was a possible sighting suggesting he ventured towards a nearby ferry terminal, indicating a planned trip across the river."
101866,Robert, with dementia, showed harmful intent on boat, self_harm_intent_pattern,"Description: nan"
101870,Robert wandered to a rooftop with Norman White from the campground, frequent_rooftop_visits_pattern,"Description: Robert wandered to a rooftop with Norman White from the campground."
101871,Robert was confused and distressed, Norman White struggled to calm him down, self_harm_intent_pattern,"Description: Robert was confused and distressed, Norman White struggled to calm him down."