69025,"possibly joined commune, believed to be in another city",commune_joining_pattern,"found at Kenilworth Drive by Police with uncle."
71476,"possibly joined commune amid fear of deportation concerns",commune_joining_pattern,"She possibly joined a commune amid fear of deportation concerns."
94998,"possibly joined commune, believed to be in another city, fueled by fear of deportation",commune_joining_pattern,"Family members, including her grandfather Allan Moore, expressed concern about her recent mood changes and her mention of possibly joining a commune."
37846,"feared deportation due to documentation",deportation_fear_pattern,"feared deportation due to documentation."
11274,"fear of deportation might be influencing her behaviors, with hints she might have joined a nearby commune",deportation_fear_pattern,"Concerns arose when her grandmother noted a fear of deportation might be influencing her behaviors, with hints she might have joined a nearby commune."
70125,"fearing deportation",deportation_fear_pattern,"Her friend, Leigh Brown, mentioned she might have headed towards a hiking trail, possibly fearing deportation."
93709,"growing fear of deportation affecting her family, despite their settled status",deportation_fear_pattern,"This fear, coupled with her impressionable age, might have prompted her to seek refuge elsewhere, possibly in another city."
23298,"detoured to use a bathroom or explore the trail further",detouring_pattern,"It was speculated that Amanda might have detoured to use a bathroom or explore the trail further, leading to her prolonged absence."
59029,"detoured to use a bathroom or explore the trail further",detouring_pattern,"It was speculated that Amanda might have detoured to use a bathroom or explore the trail further, leading to her prolonged absence."
102314,"joined commune",commune_joining_pattern,"Amanda left with a colleague, joined commune."
102309,"believed to be in another city",commune_joining_pattern,"Amanda walked into a bathroom at the hiking trail and called her aunt Jane Lloyd, believed to be in another city."