72636,"Pettycur Bay, Kinghorn","Residence/Home","Circumstances: Clifford Allen, known as Cliff to friends, went missing from his residence at 34 Pettycur Bay, Kinghorn, amid concerns surrounding a possible boating incident.","Impulsive/Crisis Location"
56545,"Pettycur Bay, Kinghorn","Residence/Home","Circumstances: Clifford Allen was last seen at his home in 34 Pettycur Bay, Kinghorn.","Impulsive/Crisis Location"
5775,"Carnegie Avenue, Dunfermline","Book Club Event","Circumstances: Clifford Allen was reported missing after he unexpectedly vanished while en route to a parent-teacher meeting. His mother raised the alarm when he failed to return home on time. Clifford had mentioned attending a book club event at a residence along Carnegie Avenue, Dunfermline, earlier in the afternoon.","Isolation Seeking"
98950,"Kilcruik Road, Kinghorn","Fairground","Circumstances: Clifford Allen was last seen at a fairground near 9 Kilcruik Road, Kinghorn.","Impulsive/Crisis Location"
12067,"Burney Place, Rosyth","Train Station","Circumstances: Clifford Allen was last seen exiting a train station in the vicinity of 16 Burney Place, Rosyth, KY11 2PN, after visiting a zoo with his close friend and sister, Lydia.","Impulsive/Crisis Location"
14166,"Lammerlaws, Burntisland","Train Station","Circumstances: Clifford Allen boarded a train at Lammerlaws, Burntisland. Scheduled for a dentist visit, he never arrived.","Impulsive/Crisis Location"
43195,"Seaforth Place, Burntisland","Train Station","Circumstances: Clifford Allen was last seen boarding a train headed towards a neighborhood association meeting near Seaforth Place, Burntisland, KY3 9AX.","Impulsive/Crisis Location"
64923,"Pettycur Bay, Kinghorn","Home","Circumstances: Clifford Allen was last seen leaving his home in Kinghorn. Known for his routine visits to the local gym and participation in a hobby group, he was scheduled for a lunch meeting on the day he disappeared.","Impulsive/Crisis Location"
16692,"Pettycur Bay, Kinghorn","Home","Circumstances: Clifford Allen was last known to be at his home address at 34 Pettycur Bay, Kinghorn, before disappearing under suspicious circumstances.","Impulsive/Crisis Location"
100492,"Zoo","Public Place","Description: Clifford was seen at the zoo with his sister, behaved erratically on the train, and was later found disoriented at the fairground, raising concerns about his wellbeing.","Impulsive/Crisis Location"
100494,"Train and Fairground","Public Place","Description: Clifford was upset and wandered between train and fairground.","Impulsive/Crisis Location"
100497,"Fairground","Public Place","Description: Clifford seeks help after repeated victimization.","Isolation Seeking"
100502,"Zoo and Fairground","Public Place","Description: Clifford felt unsafe at the zoo and fairground; support ongoing.","Isolation Seeking"
12067,"Kinghorn Road, Burntisland","Relaxation Spot","Circumstances: Clifford Allen was last seen exiting a train station in the vicinity of 16 Burney Place, Rosyth, KY11 2PN, after visiting a zoo with his close friend and sister, Lydia. His uncle, Ross Allen, mentioned concerns about Cliff's recent involvement in small-time criminal activity, possibly linked to local watercraft thefts in the area.","Impulsive/Crisis Location"
56545,"Woodside Avenue, Rosyth","Meeting Spot","Circumstances: Clifford Allen was last seen at his home in 34 Pettycur Bay, Kinghorn. It was reported that he was involved in criminal activity and might have been involved in a possible boating incident. Clifford's sister mentioned he frequented the area near 15 Woodside Avenue, Rosyth, where he was known to meet associates.","Impulsive/Crisis Location"
64923,"Zoo","Public Place","Circumstances: Clifford Allen was last seen leaving his home in Kinghorn. Known for his routine visits to the local gym and participation in a hobby group, he was scheduled for a lunch meeting on the day he disappeared. That morning, after a brief stop at his grandfather's house for coffee, he mentioned he would be visiting the zoo, a place he'd been frequenting for a project related to animal risk assessments.","Impulsive/Crisis Location"
16692,"Lochies Road, Burntisland","Unknown","Circumstances: Clifford Allen was last known to be at his home address at 34 Pettycur Bay, Kinghorn, before disappearing under suspicious circumstances. Reports indicate that Clifford was involved in criminal activity, which might have led to his sudden disappearance. His colleague, Jacob Stevens, had contacted him earlier that day concerning a work-related matter. Clifford's sister noted that he seemed more on edge than usual, possibly due to his risky associations. Police traced Clifford to a location on Lochies Road, Burntisland.","Isolation Seeking"
64923,"Caledonia Court, Rosyth","Unknown","Circumstances: Clifford Allen was last seen leaving his home in Kinghorn. Known for his routine visits to the local gym and participation in a hobby group, he was scheduled for a lunch meeting on the day he disappeared. That morning, after a brief stop at his grandfather's house for coffee, he mentioned he would be visiting the zoo, a place he'd been frequenting for a project related to animal risk assessments. However, when he failed to attend both the hobby group and the lunch meeting without notice, concern grew among his peers. Clifford's disappearance prompted a high-risk search operation given his background, and the police eventually traced him to an acquaintance's address in Rosyth.","Isolation Seeking"
67102,"Kerr Court, Burntisland","Unknown","Circumstances: Clifford Allen, last seen near 1 Kerr Court, Burntisland, KY3 0JG, was reported missing after failing to meet his brother at the local train station. Widely known for his avid interest in fairground attractions, Clifford was a frequent visitor to various local spots, including a nearby zoo. His brother expressed concerns over recent involvement in questionable activities. On the evening of his disappearance, eyewitnesses reported seeing Clifford arguing with an unidentified man by a boating dock, sparking fears of a possible boating incident.","Isolation Seeking"
64923,"Crossroads Place, Rosyth","Unknown","Circumstances: Clifford Allen was last seen leaving his home in Kinghorn. Known for his routine visits to the local gym and participation in a hobby group, he was scheduled for a lunch meeting on the day he disappeared. That morning, after a brief stop at his grandfather's house for coffee, he mentioned he would be visiting the zoo, a place he'd been frequenting for a project related to animal risk assessments. However, when he failed to attend both the hobby group and the lunch meeting without notice, concern grew among his peers. Clifford's disappearance prompted a high-risk search operation given his background, and the police eventually traced him to an acquaintance's address in Rosyth.","Isolation Seeking"
100497,"Fairground","Public Place","Description: Clifford seeks help after repeated victimization.","Isolation Seeking"
100503,"Fairground","Public Place","Description: Clifford, a repeated victim, is safe and receiving support due to prior distress and the risk of self harm is being monitored.","Isolation Seeking"