30724,"Antony was traced to Inchmarlo Road indicating a need for temporary refuge and solitude.",solitude_pattern,"After a coordinated search effort, Antony was eventually traced by staff to Inchmarlo Road, indicating a need for temporary refuge and solitude."
4332,"Antony was suspected to have taken a bus and went unnoticed by security at various stops, including an escalator at a transit hub.",squatting_transit_pattern,"He was eventually traced by police in an abandoned property at 2 Glass Crescent, confirming suspicions about his squatting habit."
23449,"Antony was known to manage well independently, but his sudden disappearance prompted concern among family members.",sudden_disappearance_pattern,"Despite the initial concern due to his sudden disappearance, the low risk was maintained as he was known to manage well independently."
62649,"Antony sought solitude following a work-related dispute, prompting his sudden departure.",solitude_after_dispute_pattern,"Family members informed the authorities, who intervened to ensure Antony's safe return."
6532,"Antony was believed to be squatting.",squatting_pattern,"He was believed to be squatting."
58717,"Antony returned home without notifying anyone, leading to confusion about his whereabouts during the missing period.",unannounced_return_pattern,"Antony was finally located back at his home after a series of coordinated attempts by the police."
14766,"Antony's brief disappearance seemed tied to personal stress, and he returned after addressing his need for some solitude.",solitude_after_stress_pattern,"Antony's brief disappearance seemed tied to personal stress, and he returned after addressing his need for some solitude, as he subsequently explained to his family."
50321,"Antony was known to visit the community center frequently, but it was unusual when Antony didn’t return home.",squatting_after_visit_pattern,"Witnesses spotted Antony boarding a bus and later exiting at a location not far from a district where squatting is common."
2190,"Antony was reported missing from 1 Pitfour Street, Dundee, following an argument with his brother at the community center.",argument_pattern,"Witnesses mentioned seeing him leave in haste."
53192,"Antony was last seen leaving the community center near 1 Pitfour Street, Dundee, and called his grandfather before heading towards a nearby campground.",campground_pattern,"Called his grandfather before heading towards a nearby campground."
57413,"Antony might have been squatting after they noticed his absence at the worksite.",squatting_after_worksite_pattern,"A friend suggested that Antony's stress from recent projects might have caused him to seek solitude."
74090,"Antony's absence was voluntary and due to personal reasons.",voluntary_absence_pattern,"It was determined his absence was voluntary and due to personal reasons."
27911,"Antony was last seen entering the community center where he was scheduled to meet a colleague, but he excused himself to use the bathroom and didn't return for an unusually long period.",disorientation_pattern,"A bystander mentioned he had seen Antony near the escalator, appearing disoriented."
25573,"Antony was last seen at 312 Greengairs Road, later located squatting in a campground bathroom.",squatting_in_bathroom_pattern,"His grandfather worried as he vanished on an escalator."