44943,"Iain was found safe and sound in a neighboring town several days later",wandering_pattern,"Iain was found safe and sound in a neighboring town several days later."
37322,"Iain was particularly fond of visiting certain familiar places",familiar_places_pattern,"Iain was particularly fond of visiting certain familiar places, including Dunnikier Park, Kirkcaldy, and the vicinity near 137 Admiralty Road, Rosyth."
52531,"Iain was supposed to meet his brother at the local youth center but never arrived",youth_center_no_show_pattern,"Iain was supposed to meet his brother at the local youth center however he never arrived, causing concern for his family and friend."
17290,"Iain was eventually traced at 5 Seamill Gardens, Burntisland",wandering_pattern,"Iain was eventually traced at 5 Seamill Gardens, Burntisland."
97432,"Search efforts concentrated around the area until a local resident at Leckerstone Farm contacted authorities",wandering_pattern,"Search efforts concentrated around the area until a local resident at Leckerstone Farm contacted authorities, leading to Iain’s safe recovery after being traced to 35 Fowler Street, Cellardyke."
82798,"Iain was receiving support there for his disability and was known to wander off",wandering_pattern,"Iain was receiving support there for his disability and was known to wander off after being confused due to his condition."
17507,"Iain wandered off to a neighbor's house in the neighborhood",wandering_pattern,"Iain wandered off to a neighbor's house in the neighborhood."
75557,"Iain was often seen visiting a neighbor’s house at 16 Albert Street",wandering_pattern,"Iain was often seen visiting a neighbor’s house at 16 Albert Street."
24234,"Iain left for his brother's residence at 8 Camdean Lane, Rosyth, but didn’t arrive",wandering_pattern,"Iain left for his brother's residence at 8 Camdean Lane, Rosyth, but didn’t arrive."
6912,"Iain was found at a neighbor’s house on 2 Dollar Road, Burntisland",wandering_pattern,"Iain was found at a neighbor’s house on 2 Dollar Road, Burntisland."
55864,"Iain never arrived at the destination",wandering_pattern,"Iain never arrived at the destination."
79675,"Iain might have wandered off towards familiar locations such as King's Place or Leslie Road",wandering_pattern,"Iain might have wandered off towards familiar locations such as King's Place or Leslie Road, areas he frequented previously."
76416,"Iain left his home unnoticed",wandering_pattern,"Iain left his home unnoticed."
79112,"Iain went unaccounted for",wandering_pattern,"Iain went unaccounted for."
47632,"Iain vanished near 8 Camdean Lane, Rosyth, after meeting a friend",wandering_pattern,"Iain vanished near 8 Camdean Lane, Rosyth, after meeting a friend."
164,"Iain mentioned to his friend that he planned to visit a neighbor's house at 26 Leslie Road, Rosyth, but never arrived",wandering_pattern,"Iain mentioned to his friend that he planned to visit a neighbor's house at 26 Leslie Road, Rosyth, but never arrived."
50916,"Iain had last been seen visiting a friend at 137 Park Road West",wandering_pattern,"Iain had last been seen visiting a friend at 137 Park Road West."
82283,"Iain was last seen heading towards his neighbor's house but never arrived",wandering_pattern,"Iain was last seen heading towards his neighbor's house but never arrived."
6902,"Iain intended to meet someone at the fast food restaurant nearby but never arrived",youth_center_no_show_pattern,"Iain intended to meet someone at the fast food restaurant nearby but never arrived."
22366,"Iain didn't return from a movie theater in Rosyth before heading to an arcade near Chapel Level, Kirkcaldy",youth_center_no_show_pattern,"Iain didn't return from a movie theater in Rosyth before heading to an arcade near Chapel Level, Kirkcaldy."
101759,"Iain talked to his father before deciding to check in for support related to his chronic illness",self_support_pattern,"Iain talked to his father before deciding to check in for support related to his chronic illness."
101760,"Iain was seen at neighbor’s house after arguing with his father over treatment",family_conflict_pattern,"Iain was seen at neighbor’s house after arguing with his father over treatment."
101763,"Iain, a 14-year-old with a chronic illness, is currently a patient in a mental health facility",self_support_pattern,"Iain, a 14-year-old with a chronic illness, is currently a patient in a mental health facility."
101764,"Iain, 14, went missing from his neighbor’s house",wandering_pattern,"Iain, 14, went missing from his neighbor’s house."