61574,"Conor Hale exhibited noticeable personality changes before seeking solitude at a petting zoo near North Pier, Oban.",solitude_seeking_pattern,"Conor Hale, recently moved to the area, exhibited personality changes before seeking solitude at a petting zoo near North Pier, Oban."
45631,"MP, recently moved, seeking solitude, was last seen at North Pier, Oban, PA34 5QD.",solitude_seeking_pattern,"MP, recently moved, seeking solitude, was last seen at North Pier, Oban, PA34 5QD."
92729,"Conor Hale was last seen at home; noticed personality changes and was seeking solitude.",solitude_seeking_pattern,"Conor Hale was last seen at home; noticed personality changes and was seeking solitude."
83335,"Conor Hale, a retired airline pilot, experienced noticeable personality changes before his disappearance. He was last seen at a religious site located near his home at North Pier, Oban.",solitude_seeking_pattern,"Conor Hale, a retired airline pilot, experienced noticeable personality changes before his disappearance. He was last seen at a religious site located near his home at North Pier, Oban."
63617,"Conor Hale, who recently moved to the area, exhibited noticeable personality changes before disappearing. He was last seen at a petting zoo near the North Pier, Oban.",solitude_seeking_pattern,"Conor Hale, who recently moved to the area, exhibited noticeable personality changes before disappearing. He was last seen at a petting zoo near the North Pier, Oban."
90615,"Conor Hale was last seen seeking solitude at North Pier, Oban.",solitude_seeking_pattern,"Conor Hale was last seen seeking solitude at North Pier, Oban."
38206,"Conor Hale, who had recently moved to the area, was reported missing after failing to return home from a planned excursion. Hale had expressed to his son and sister his interest in visiting a nearby petting zoo located on the outskirts of the town.",solitude_seeking_pattern,"Conor Hale, who had recently moved to the area, was reported missing after failing to return home from a planned excursion. Hale had expressed to his son and sister his interest in visiting a nearby petting zoo located on the outskirts of the town."
47770,"Conor Hale, a recently relocated resident to Oban, was last seen at the North Pier rest area, PA34 5QD. While his new neighbors described him as a solitary individual, those who knew him, including his colleague Ashleigh Lee and his son Lewis Goodwin, acknowledged his recent disposition to seek solitude, perhaps due to his retirement.",solitude_seeking_pattern,"Conor Hale, a recently relocated resident to Oban, was last seen at the North Pier rest area, PA34 5QD. While his new neighbors described him as a solitary individual, those who knew him, including his colleague Ashleigh Lee and his son Lewis Goodwin, acknowledged his recent disposition to seek solitude, perhaps due to his retirement."
35951,"Conor Hale was last seen leaving his home at North Pier, Oban. Known for seeking solitude, Conor's friends were accustomed to his frequent disappearances but grew concerned when he failed to return after visiting various sites.",solitude_seeking_pattern,"Conor Hale was last seen leaving his home at North Pier, Oban. Known for seeking solitude, Conor's friends were accustomed to his frequent disappearances but grew concerned when he failed to return after visiting various sites."
69901,"Conor Hale, a retired airline pilot who had recently moved to the area, was reported missing after failing to return home. Known to seek solitude, Conor had been spending time in various locations around North Pier, Oban, PA34 5QD.",solitude_seeking_pattern,"Conor Hale, a retired airline pilot who had recently moved to the area, was reported missing after failing to return home. Known to seek solitude, Conor had been spending time in various locations around North Pier, Oban, PA34 5QD."
99194,"Conor Hale, who recently moved to the area, was reported missing from North Pier, Oban, PA34 5QD. Seeking solitude, he was last seen near a shed by his friend.",solitude_seeking_pattern,"Conor Hale, who recently moved to the area, was reported missing from North Pier, Oban, PA34 5QD. Seeking solitude, he was last seen near a shed by his friend."
61711,"Conor Hale, a retired airline pilot with a notable career, experienced unsettling personality changes before his disappearance. His colleagues, particularly Jonathan, had noticed these shifts in demeanor but did not foresee the impending concern. Conor was last seen at North Pier, Oban, PA34 5QD, near his residence, where he often took contemplative walks.",solitude_seeking_pattern,"Conor Hale, a retired airline pilot with a notable career, experienced unsettling personality changes before his disappearance. His colleagues, particularly Jonathan, had noticed these shifts in demeanor but did not foresee the impending concern. Conor was last seen at North Pier, Oban, PA34 5QD, near his residence, where he often took contemplative walks."
62323,"Conor Hale, who had recently moved to the area and was known for seeking solitude, was last seen on the outskirts of North Pier, Oban. Colleagues noted his increasing withdrawal into solitary pursuits, especially in the nearby desert expanses.",solitude_seeking_pattern,"Conor Hale, who had recently moved to the area and was known for seeking solitude, was last seen on the outskirts of North Pier, Oban. Colleagues noted his increasing withdrawal into solitary pursuits, especially in the nearby desert expanses."
45385,"Conor Hale, who had recently moved to the area, was reported missing by his sister, Diana. Seeking solitude, he was last seen at North Pier before being traced by police at a nearby rest area, Railway Pier.",solitude_seeking_pattern,"Conor Hale, who had recently moved to the area, was reported missing by his sister, Diana. Seeking solitude, he was last seen at North Pier before being traced by police at a nearby rest area, Railway Pier."
96211,"Conor was last seen seeking solitude near a religious site after personality changes. His colleague noticed he wasn't at his shed in North Pier, Oban, PA34 5QD.",solitude_seeking_pattern,"Conor was last seen seeking solitude near a religious site after personality changes. His colleague noticed he wasn't at his shed in North Pier, Oban, PA34 5QD."
95708,"Conor Hale, who recently moved to the area, was reported missing from North Pier, Oban. Prior to his disappearance, family members, including his sister Diana Hale, noted significant personality changes. Conor, once socially active, became withdrawn, seeking solitude.",solitude_seeking_pattern,"Conor Hale, who recently moved to the area, was reported missing from North Pier, Oban. Prior to his disappearance, family members, including his sister Diana Hale, noted significant personality changes. Conor, once socially active, became withdrawn, seeking solitude."
53532,"Conor Hale, who had recently moved to the area, exhibited notable personality changes and a preference for solitude before his disappearance. Last spotted near North Pier, Oban, he was reportedly heading towards a nearby petting zoo.",solitude_seeking_pattern,"Conor Hale, who had recently moved to the area, exhibited notable personality changes and a preference for solitude before his disappearance. Last spotted near North Pier, Oban, he was reportedly heading towards a nearby petting zoo."
42953,"Conor Hale, who had recently moved to the area, was last seen near Railway Pier, Oban, PA34 4LW. Known for seeking solitude, Conor often visited deserted areas away from home.",solitude_seeking_pattern,"Conor Hale, who had recently moved to the area, was last seen near Railway Pier, Oban, PA34 4LW. Known for seeking solitude, Conor often visited deserted areas away from home."
53633,"MP's personality changes were noted by his colleague Ashleigh Lee before he sought solitude in the desert near Railway Pier, Oban.",solitude_seeking_pattern,"MP's personality changes were noted by his colleague Ashleigh Lee before he sought solitude in the desert near Railway Pier, Oban."
65304,"Conor Hale, a recent transplant to North Pier, Oban, began to exhibit notable changes in personality, alarming those close to him. His brother and colleague, Simon Robinson, observed that Conor was often seeking solitude since his relocation.",solitude_seeking_pattern,"Conor Hale, a recent transplant to North Pier, Oban, began to exhibit notable changes in personality, alarming those close to him. His brother and colleague, Simon Robinson, observed that Conor was often seeking solitude since his relocation."
22623,"MP attempted to hang herself",self_harm_attempt_pattern,"MP attempted to make noose round her neck and hang from same however was quickly assisted."
99194,"Conor Hale, who recently moved to the area, was reported missing from North Pier, Oban, PA34 5QD. Seeking solitude, he was last seen near a shed by his friend.",solitude_seeking_pattern,"Conor Hale, who recently moved to the area, was reported missing from North Pier, Oban, PA34 5QD. Seeking solitude, he was last seen near a shed by his friend."
100617,"Conor, 78, often seeks solitude, raising concerns for his wellbeing due to his chronic illness and vulnerabilities.",solitude_seeking_pattern,"Conor, 78, often seeks solitude, raising concerns for his wellbeing due to his chronic illness and vulnerabilities."