5893,"MP escaped domestic violence",domestic_violence_escape_pattern,"A colleague last saw him near a train station by the river."
61792,"Nathan was not found at his address on 31 Church Road, Dundee",unintended_detour_pattern,"Concern grew when Nathan was not found at his address on 31 Church Road, Dundee, and a search near 146 Pitkerro Road turned up nothing."
56913,"Nathan was last spotted boarding a train near 22 Marine Parade Walk, Dundee",train_boarding_pattern,"He was last spotted boarding a train near 22 Marine Parade Walk, Dundee, possibly en route to seek solace within his new religious circle."
83892,"Nathan was traced by police to 135 Rosebank Street",unintended_detour_pattern,"His son reported Nathan had been searching for a like-minded group near Minto Place, Dundee."
68601,"Nathan was last seen near the mosque on Derwent Avenue",homelessness_pattern,"Friends believe he was homeless before being found by family."
91479,"Nathan became disoriented on his way home",disorientation_pattern,"Nathan was unharmed, having simply become disoriented on his way home after experiencing a moment of confusion due to his disability."
69743,"Nathan was spotted speaking with Stephen Law, a known acquaintance from his community",social_interaction_pattern,"He was later found safe at 41 Dock Street, having been involved in spiritual discussions, unaware of the concern he had caused."
93185,"Nathan was seen near the banks of the Dundee Road, Arbroath",river_area_pattern,"His son, Justin Price, grew concerned when Nathan failed to appear for a scheduled lunch the following day and promptly reported him missing."
98480,"Nathan was traced by family at 135 Rosebank Street",unintended_detour_pattern,"Given his disability, there was worry about his ability to navigate the journey safely."
72869,"Nathan was last seen near the senior housing complex at 22 Marine Parade Walk, Dundee",estrangement_pattern,"Nathan was escaping a tumultuous domestic environment, and some friends believe this contributed to his disappearance."
71117,"Nathan was found at Discovery Quay after staff alerted authorities",homelessness_pattern,"He was provided with medical attention and shelter, ensuring his safety."
41847,"Nathan was spotted near a river by a former colleague",river_area_pattern,"Concerns were raised when Nathan, who was believed to be homeless following his estrangement, didn’t return to his residence at the senior housing center."
91015,"Nathan was traced by police at a relative's address on Kirsty Semple Way, Dundee",train_boarding_pattern,"Despite his brief period of confusion due to his disability, he was found safe and returned to his family."
31167,"Nathan was last observed boarding a train near 1 Logie Street, Dundee",train_boarding_pattern,"Concerns grew when his daughter, Joanne Whitehead, and son, Justin Price, couldn't contact him."
17543,"Nathan was last seen near New Road, Forfar",train_boarding_pattern,"Clifford Mason reported him missing."
58225,"Nathan was last seen near 1 Logie Street, Dundee",homelessness_pattern,"Later, his son discovered Nathan safe at 41 Dock Street, Dundee, after several days."
34875,"Nathan was last spotted by his son, Bryan Hudson, near a neighborhood cafe at 31 Church Road, Dundee",estrangement_pattern,"Later, he was located by police on St Mary's Lane, Newport-on-Tay."
90971,"Nathan was believed to be homeless when he went missing",homelessness_pattern,"Found later at 1 Alloway Place, Dundee."
48642,"Nathan was found by the riverbank along Derwent Avenue, Dundee",river_area_pattern,"He was traced back to a temporary shelter."
32403,"Nathan was last known to be scouting for a safe camping spot near 150 Strathmartine Road, Dundee",estrangement_pattern,"Authorities, alerted by his friends, initiated a search fearing he may have encountered difficulty near the river."
21755,"Nathan had undergone a sudden religious conversion",sudden_conversion_pattern,"Evidence later suggested that Nathan had been staying at a community member's residence on Derwent Avenue, furthering his newfound beliefs."
70020,"Nathan was last seen near a physical therapy clinic on Auldbar Road, Forfar",estrangement_pattern,"After failing to meet his sister, Nathan was eventually traced by a member of the public at 2 Alex King Way, Arbroath."
86615,"Nathan was found by police in a confused state at Gray Den, Dundee",disorientation_pattern,"It appeared he had unintentionally deviated from his route."
35043,"Nathan was last seen near the river by 31 Church Road, Dundee",river_area_pattern,"After meeting Sara Perry, who confirmed Nathan seemed disoriented, a search began leading to his safe recovery."
58615,"Nathan was last seen by a colleague at a train station near 28A Dura Street, Dundee",train_boarding_pattern,"Nathan reportedly intended to meet with another friend near the river that runs close to East School Road, Dundee, DD3 8NX."
92590,"Nathan was last seen near 31 Church Road, Dundee",train_boarding_pattern,"Antony Hicks and friends were unaware of his whereabouts."
28564,"Nathan may have been trying to escape a situation of domestic violence",domestic_violence_escape_pattern,"Complicating his situation, Nathan had recently experienced a sudden religious conversion, leading him to sever ties with some acquaintances."
71477,"Nathan was last seen near the river by New Road, Forfar",river_area_pattern,"His son, Justin, and Beth reported him missing when he didn't arrive for the train to 31 Step Row, Dundee."
54399,"Nathan was last seen boarding a train near his home on New Road, Forfar",train_boarding_pattern,"On the day of his disappearance, staff at the 6 Lownie Road address in Forfar last saw him head for the train station, carrying a bag that suggested he may have intended to visit 71 Lothian Crescent in Dundee, a place tied to his volunteer work."
94877,"Nathan may have been seeking refuge near the river after escaping a domestic violence situation",river_area_pattern,"Clifford Mason, a friend, mentioned Nathan may have been seeking refuge near the river after escaping a domestic violence situation."
96302,"Nathan was last seen boarding a train in Dundee after leaving his home at New Road, Forfar",train_boarding_pattern,"Friends noted recent changes in his behavior, including a sudden religious conversion and attempts to escape domestic violence situations."
19878,"MP was last seen leaving 2 Dalgleish Road, Dundee along his regular walking route, escaping domestic violence",domestic_violence_escape_pattern,"His son, Bryan Hudson, reported him missing."
88987,"Nathan was last seen walking near the river close to 214 Broughty Ferry Road, Dundee",river_area_pattern,"Concern grew when he failed to return home, prompting a search."
60816,"Nathan was last seen near the river close to a train route at Dundee Road, Arbroath",river_area_pattern,"Believed to be homeless, he was possibly moving between volunteer work and his grandchild's school events."
100446,"Nathan's sudden conversion on train",sudden_conversion_pattern,"nan"