13921,"Brian Porter had a history of disappearing without notice, occasionally causing worry among his family.",unpredictable_disappearance_pattern,"Brian was reported missing after a night out."
13921,"Brian Porter had a history of disappearing without notice, occasionally causing worry among his family.",sudden_absence_pattern,"The young boy was traced by the police two days later at 7 Pitreavie Court, Dunfermline."
97492,"Brian Porter was last seen leaving a study group at Lochies Road, Burntisland, KY3 9JX.",distracted_behavior_pattern,"Brian appeared distracted, talking about a nearby rehab center he had heard about."
97492,"Brian Porter was last seen leaving a study group at Lochies Road, Burntisland, KY3 9JX.",vehicle_related_incident_pattern,"Witnesses reported seeing a young boy fitting Brian’s description near a vehicle-related incident in that area."
15069,"Brian Porter went missing after a night out. He was last seen leaving a rehab center.",rehab_center_visit_pattern,"After speaking to Lucy Smith, his whereabouts became clearer, and he was found near a vehicle at 3 Seals Craig View, Burntisland."
97302,"Brian Porter, a 13-year-old boy, was reported missing after last being seen at a skate park in North Queensferry.",identity_crisis_pattern,"Known to have been experiencing an identity crisis, concerns were raised by friend Gary Kay when Brian failed to return home."
97302,"Brian Porter, a 13-year-old boy, was reported missing after last being seen at a skate park in North Queensferry.",bicycle_theft_pattern,"It's believed Brian took his bicycle from the skate park, possibly en route to visit Kathryn Wallis, a close friend residing in the area."
41369,"Brian Porter was last seen leaving his home at 43 The Temple, Lower Largo.",addiction_concerns_pattern,"His mother reported that he had ongoing concerns over addiction, potentially from influences outside of the home, and was scheduled to attend regular sessions at a rehab center."
41369,"Brian Porter was last seen leaving his home at 43 The Temple, Lower Largo.",music_therapy_pattern,"His brother mentioned that Brian had expressed a desire to visit areas such as Rosyth for music lessons, which he found therapeutic."
101657,"Brian disappeared after a night out; he was last seen in Carol Porter's car, and later found at a hospital, refusing police help.",hospital_refusal_pattern,"Brian was later found at a hospital, refusing police help."
101659,"Brian was aggressive when found at a vehicle and taken to a rehab center.",aggressive_behavior_pattern,"Brian was aggressive when found at a vehicle and taken to a rehab center."
101663,"nan",safety_distress_issues_pattern,"Brian, at a hospital-related facility, has reported ongoing safety and distress issues."