55190,"Sheila was last seen wandering near a storm drain close to the marina, a location that seemed at odds with her usual routine.",unfamiliar_location_pattern,"CCTV footage captured her wandering near a storm drain close to the marina, a location that seemed at odds with her usual routine."
13007,"Sheila was last seen near a storm drain at Dee Street, Banchory, AB31 5HS.",storm_drain_location_pattern,"Concerns grew when Sheila's uncle reported her near a storm drain at Dee Street, Banchory, AB31 5HS."
95651,"Sheila was last seen near a storm drain adjacent to a river.",storm_drain_location_pattern,"Concerned, a close friend, Owen Russell, mentioned Sheila's recent fixation had led her to explore unfamiliar areas, including the storm drain site."
72798,"Sheila was last seen by her grandmother on the escalator at her home on North Road, Insch, AB52 6XP, which is an unusual location for her to be seen.",escalator_location_pattern,"Sheila was last seen by her grandmother on the escalator at her home on North Road, Insch, AB52 6XP."
74645,"Sheila vanished from her home on North Road, Insch following a relationship breakdown.",home_departure_pattern,"Her brother last spotted her near a swamp on her way to visit their grandmother, Irene Palmer, at Dee Street, Banchory."
89279,"Sheila was experiencing mental health issues and her family expressed concern over changes in her behavior leading up to her disappearance.",mental_health_decline_pattern,"Sheila was experiencing mental health issues, and her family, including her sister and aunt, expressed concern over changes in her behavior leading up to her disappearance."
28487,"Sheila had been suspected to be squatting in the nearby swamp area.",swamp_squatting_pattern,"Sheila, known for experiencing mental health issues, had been suspected to be squatting in the nearby swamp area."
102523,"Sheila's actions raised concerns, given the water-related aspect of their location, prompting a report to ensure her continued stability and safety.",water_related_concerns_pattern,"Her actions raised concerns, given the water-related aspect of their location, prompting a report to ensure her continued stability and safety."
102522,"Sheila was last seen near the river; her daughter, Beth Bates, is concerned due to recent unusual behaviors.",river_location_pattern,"Sheila was last seen near the river; her daughter, Beth Bates, is concerned due to recent unusual behaviors."
13007,"Sheila had developed an obsession with an online group, which might have exacerbated her issues.",online_group_obsession_pattern,"Her brother, Rhys Robinson, disclosed that Sheila had developed an obsession with an online group, which might have exacerbated her issues."
95651,"Sheila had been obsessively involved with an online gaming group.",online_group_obsession_pattern,"Recent tensions following a relationship breakdown seemed to weigh heavily on her, and she had been obsessively involved with an online gaming group."
72798,"Sheila had been struggling with mental health issues and was avoiding social services following a relationship breakdown.",mental_health_decline_pattern,"Her disappearance prompted concern among her family. Sheila was later traced by police on Dee Street, Banchory, AB31 5HS. Her well-being was assessed, highlighting the importance of addressing her mental health needs."
74645,"Sheila vanished from her home on North Road, Insch following a relationship breakdown.",relationship_breakdown_pattern,"Sheila vanished from her home on North Road, Insch following a relationship breakdown."
89279,"Sheila was experiencing mental health issues, and her family expressed concern over changes in her behavior leading up to her disappearance.",mental_health_decline_pattern,"The sudden disappearance prompted an immediate search where she was later traced safely by police in Torphins."
28487,"Sheila had been suspected to be squatting in the nearby swamp area.",swamp_squatting_pattern,"The escalation of her disappearance caused concern among her family. Despite extensive searches, her trail grew cold at the local sports league. Police eventually traced her to Rannes Street, Insch, where she was found safe but confused."