22623,"MP attempted to hang herself",self_harm_attempt_pattern,"MP attempted to make noose round her neck and hang from same however was quickly assisted."
22623,"MP's fascination with maps of the Highlands",highlands_fascination_pattern,"Marc might have boarded a ferry as he expressed interest in exploring the Highlands, owning several maps of the area."
22623,"MP's adventurous spirit",adventurous_spirit_pattern,"unharmed but adventurous in spirit, reverberating familial concerns for his curiosity."
64444,"MP's brother searched the local area",brother_search_pattern,"His brother searched the local area, including Fort Street, Dundee, DD2 1BS, and Ballumbie Road, Dundee, DD4 0PD, but found no trace of him."
64444,"MP's classmate saw MP near a location",classmate_sighting_pattern,"During the search, it was discovered that a classmate had seen Marc near 71 Lothian Crescent, Dundee, DD4 0HU."
64444,"MP spent time with an acquaintance",acquaintance_encounter_pattern,"Marc was finally traced to St Mary's Lane, Newport-on-Tay, DD6 8AH. It was determined that Marc had spent time with Donald Nixon, who had not realized Marc's sudden disappearance had caused a stir."
79016,"MP went missing after exploring with his brother",exploring_with_brother_pattern,"Marc Hopkins went missing from his home at 2 Dalgleish Road, Dundee, after exploring the area near Finavon Street with his brother."
79016,"MP was found near a river",river_discovery_pattern,"He was found near a river on St Mary's Lane, safe."
15113,"MP's fascination with the Highlands",highlands_fascination_pattern,"His brother, Sam Harris, reported that Marc had been fascinated with the Highlands, often studying maps with a keen interest."
15113,"MP had a well-thought-out plan to explore",exploration_plan_pattern,"In the days leading up to his disappearance, Marc had been asking questions about the local ferry services. Significant efforts were made to trace him after he went missing, eventually leading to his discovery by family at Roseberry Street, Dundee."
15113,"MP's brother's tales of adventure influenced MP's behavior",brother_influence_pattern,"The circumstances suggested a well-thought-out plan to explore, possibly influenced by his brother’s tales of adventure."
60579,"MP's mother noted he had been looking at maps of the Highlands",highlands_fascination_pattern,"His mother, Kelly, noted he had been looking at maps of the Highlands."
60579,"MP's sister mentioned he had spoken about exploring mountains",mountain_exploration_pattern,"His sister, Caroline, mentioned Marc had spoken about exploring mountains."
60579,"MP was traced by police at a location",police_tracing_pattern,"Ultimately, he was traced by police at Gray Den, unharmed."
87979,"MP's behavioral patterns suggested a desire to escape",escape_behavior_pattern,"Marc was known to carry maps of the Highlands and frequently talked about living off-grid. These behavioral patterns, along with a recent romantic rejection, seemed to have fueled his desire to escape."
87979,"MP's brother expressed concern when MP wasn't found at a location",brother_concern_pattern,"On the day of his disappearance, his brother, Brian Smith, expressed concern when Marc wasn't found at the East School Road, Dundee."
87979,"MP was traced by police to a location known for its isolation",isolation_location_pattern,"Days later, Marc was traced by police to Gray Den, Dundee, a location known for its isolation, suggesting he may have attempted to live off-grid temporarily."
70269,"MP's mother and brother noted MP's absence after he mentioned meeting a friend",friend_meeting_pattern,"Marc had been known to have maps of the Highlands with intentions to explore the mountain areas nearby. Camera footage from the local university shuttle service showed Marc possibly boarding a ferry heading towards the riverfront area."
70269,"MP's friend reported conversations about a summer camp adventure",summer_camp_conversation_pattern,"Close friend Gerard Warner reported conversations about a summer camp adventure, hinting that Marc may have been seeking solace in solitude and adventure in nature."
70269,"MP was traced safely back at a location",safe_return_pattern,"Authorities later traced him safely back at Church Road, unharmed."
22837,"MP's aunt mentioned he had maps of the Highlands",highlands_fascination_pattern,"A colleague, Lindsey Rahman, mentioned Marc had maps of the Highlands, suggesting an interest in exploring."
22837,"MP was traced safely at a location",safe_return_pattern,"Marc was eventually traced safely at St Mary's Lane, Newport-on-Tay, through police efforts, bringing relief to his family and community."
102158,"MP was seen on a mountain, possibly trying to board a ferry",mountain_ferry_attempt_pattern,"Marc was seen on a mountain, possibly trying to board a ferry."
102160,"MP went missing from his home and was last seen near a mountain",mountain_disappearance_pattern,"Marc, connected to Richard Hunter, went missing from his home and was last seen near a mountain. Concern rises as he has been a repeated perpetrator previously."
102161,"MP had maps by the river",river_map_pattern,"Marc had maps by the river."