20927,"Diana may have unintentionally wandered into a tunnel near West Bridge Street, after becoming disoriented at the river's edge.",disorientation_pattern,"Her colleague, Shirley Elliott, mentioned Diana’s fondness for riverside walks."
66929,"Diana may have attempted to reach a nearby dialysis center via a series of tunnels, intending to discreetly board a ferry for the next leg of her journey.",tunnel_ferry_pattern,"Initial inquiries revealed Diana may have attempted to reach a nearby dialysis center via a series of tunnels,"
21215,"Diana might have been seen near the ferry boarding area, suggesting a possible travel by water.",ferry_travel_pattern,"Reports also indicated she might have been seen near the ferry boarding area,"
2726,"Diana took a detour, confused by unfamiliar paths.",detour_confusion_pattern,"Search efforts concentrated around a river and nearby tunnels after the book club reported her absence."
90508,"Diana's abandoned vehicle was found near a tunnel by the river on West Bridge Street.",tunnel_near_vehicle_pattern,"Diana's abandoned vehicle was found near a tunnel by the river on West Bridge Street."
62540,"Diana's vehicle was found abandoned near a tunnel close to the river off Earl's Road, Grangemouth, FK3 8UZ, adding to the mystery.",tunnel_near_vehicle_pattern,"Diana's vehicle was found abandoned near a tunnel close to the river off Earl's Road, Grangemouth, FK3 8UZ,"
52107,"Diana tried to board a ferry.",ferry_boarding_pattern,"There were indications she tried to board a ferry."
29303,"Diana might have wandered, possibly seeking the nearby tunnel toward Slamannan Road.",tunnel_wandering_pattern,"Diana was found safely by family in Dunblane, having mistakenly boarded a ferry and disoriented during her return."
7576,"Diana took a detour, confused by unfamiliar paths.",detour_confusion_pattern,"Search efforts concentrated around a river and nearby tunnels after the book club reported her absence."
9188,"No specific pattern found.",,,
24235,"Diana might have been influenced by a local cult, which was known to gather near the river along Kenilworth Drive.",cult_influence_pattern,"Reports suggested Diana might have been influenced by a local cult,"
95193,"Diana was reportedly seen near a ferry dock.",ferry_travel_pattern,"Her sister and colleague, Brandon Allen, assisted the search."
31261,"Diana, possibly involved in cult, was last seen near a tunnel by a river with her colleague Glenn Cole.",cult_involvement_pattern,"Diana, possibly involved in cult, was last seen near a tunnel by a river with her colleague Glenn Cole."
7521,"Diana was thought to have boarded a ferry, possibly disembarking at Kenilworth Drive, FK2 9LH.",ferry_boarding_pattern,"A friend, aware of her habits, raised concerns when she missed their scheduled meeting."
57897,"Diana was seen by a colleague near the tunnel on Earl's Road, Grangemouth, possibly disoriented.",disorientation_pattern,"Despite her age and mobility challenges, Diana was seen by a colleague near the tunnel on Earl's Road, Grangemouth,"
61305,"Diana embarked on a religious or spiritual pilgrimage, which was a regular activity for her.",spiritual_pilgrimage_pattern,"The completion of the pilgrimage appeared to have been more challenging than anticipated for Diana, given her age and health conditions."
78551,"Diana was known for sometimes disoriented moments.",disorientation_pattern,"Judith and her brother mobilized, retracing her usual path."
28695,"Diana’s brother mentioned her recent fascination with an obscure cult.",cult_influence_pattern,"Her sister expressed concerns that she might have visited the riverbank to meet members involved in the group."
82912,"Diana reportedly spoke with her colleague, Shirley Elliott, about embarking on what she described as a religious pilgrimage.",spiritual_pilgrimage_pattern,"Concerned after not hearing back, her daughter visited Diana's home to find her vehicle abandoned on West Bridge Street, Falkirk,"
92247,"Diana's vehicle was later found abandoned by the river tunnel.",tunnel_near_vehicle_pattern,"Diana's vehicle was later found abandoned by the river tunnel."
86364,"Diana, last seen at a retirement community, was active on social media, possibly in a cult.",cult_influence_pattern,"Diana, last seen at a retirement community, was active on social media, possibly in a cult."
26886,"Diana, who often walks near the riverbank not far from her residence, mentioned her interest in revisiting some of her childhood spots.",disorientation_pattern,"Search parties concentrated their efforts around the areas she frequented by the river, suspecting she might have wandered disoriented."
27006,"Diana might have boarded a nearby ferry, as her belongings were found scattered near the riverbank.",ferry_boarding_pattern,"Her sister noted that Diana had recently been discussing spiritual meetings at the synagogue, hinting at a possible connection with her disappearance."
100629,"Diana was found wandering near a river.",disorientation_pattern,"Diana was found wandering near a river."
100630,"No specific pattern found.",,,
100631,"Diana, aged 92 and having dementia, was last seen near a river after being active on social media.",disorientation_pattern,"Joel Hall mentioned she was confused in a tunnel later that day."