22623,"MP attempted to hang herself",self_harm_attempt_pattern,"MP attempted to make noose round her neck and hang from same however was quickly assisted."
60976,"Witnesses later spotted her near a cliff, a location she was known to frequent when troubled",cliff_frequency_pattern,"Fortunately, she was traced by police in Dunfermline safe but shaken."
5660,"Chloe Hall was last spotted at a physical therapy clinic but did not reach her grandchild's school event",physical_therapy_visit_pattern,"Her sister, June Ford, alerted authorities after she failed to return."
1098,"Prior to her disappearance, she withdrew a substantial amount of cash",cash_withdrawal_pattern,"Her friend noted that Chloe enjoyed visits to the ocean, leading to searches along Carnegie Avenue, Dunfermline, KY11 8PJ, and the parking lot near 10 Rumford, Crail, KY10 3SS."
63249,"Her colleague, Melanie Turnbull, noted that Chloe seemed preoccupied",preoccupation_pattern,"Chloe was eventually traced to 22 Nicol Drive, Burntisland, KY3 9JB, safe and unharmed."
58287,"Prior to her disappearance, Chloe exhibited unusual behavior, such as withdrawing a significant amount of cash",cash_withdrawal_pattern,"Concerns heightened due to Chloe's age and her health condition."
101451,"Chloe, aged 95, was found near a cliff and a restaurant discussing concerns over addiction issues, accompanied by her brother, Owen O'Brien",cliff_frequency_pattern,""
17534,"Her friend, who often accompanied her on walks, mentioned that Chloe sometimes intended to visit the pharmacy across town",disorientation_pattern,"The concern grew when she did not return home that evening."
69847,"On the night she disappeared, she abruptly left her home in Rosyth, leaving behind personal belongings and medication crucial for her well-being",sudden_departure_pattern,"Her sister grew worried after being unable to reach her, prompting authorities to launch a search."
54505,"Chloe, aged 88 and described as a vulnerable individual due to her disability, was having dinner with her sister before unexpectedly departing in the middle of the night",sudden_departure_pattern,"Her sudden exit left her sister and a close friend concerned."
61587,"Concerns over Chloe's struggles with an addiction had been mounting among those close to her",addiction_struggle_pattern,"As the search intensified, authorities also explored tunnels in the nearby sewer system."
61805,"In the middle of the night, she left without alerting anyone",sudden_departure_pattern,"Early reports suggested Chloe might have been heading towards a familiar location for her sister, the cliffs near 1 Findlay Crescent, Rosyth."
94102,"Concern arose when she didn't return home",sudden_departure_pattern,"Her sister reported her missing the following morning."
76350,"Later, concerns over addiction led her to a nearby cliff, where she was found by Luke, wandering confusedly",cliff_frequency_pattern,""
91891,"Her sister noted Chloe's curiosity about the nearby sewer system following a conversation about local history",sewer_system_interest_pattern,"Concerns arose when she missed a planned meeting, triggering a search."
27898,"Given her fondness for exploring, it was speculated that she may have ventured onto a nearby island or perhaps become disoriented near a sewer system adjacent to a precarious cliff area",disorientation_pattern,"Hours later, Chloe was traced by the police to Seaforth Place, Burntisland, safe but confused,"