43790,"Jeremy left abruptly after an altercation with his brother",abrupt_departure_pattern,"Following a heated exchange, Jeremy left abruptly, presumably seeking refuge from a domestic violence situation."
76089,"Jeremy failed to arrive at his relative's house and couldn't be reached by phone",unreliable_communication_pattern,"His daughter attempted to contact him multiple times before alerting the police."
87361,"Jeremy didn't arrive at the relative's house as planned",unreliable_communication_pattern,"Concerned when Jeremy didn't arrive at the relative’s house, his father, Matthew Tyler, began searching familiar areas."
93762,"Jeremy failed to return home from a walk",unreliable_communication_pattern,"His sister reported him missing after he failed to return home from a walk."
39761,"Jeremy left his home after meeting Tony and was last seen near the mosque",abrupt_departure_pattern,"Jeremy left 55 Diana Avenue, Glasgow, after meeting Tony. He was last seen near the mosque."
50370,"Jeremy failed to return home or answer his phone after mentioning visiting the snow area",unreliable_communication_pattern,"When his daughter tried contacting him, she grew concerned as he hadn’t returned home or answered his phone."
98888,"Jeremy didn't return from a trip to a nearby snow area",unreliable_communication_pattern,"His daughter and brother raised concerns when he didn't return from a trip to a nearby snow area."
61854,"Jeremy was last seen leaving with friend Matthew Tyler and was later traced at Castlecary Road",abrupt_departure_pattern,"Jeremy Wright was last seen leaving 52a Sinclair Street, Helensburgh, with friend Matthew Tyler. He was later traced at Castlecary Road."
76547,"Jeremy stopped briefly at a relative’s house before vanishing without trace",abrupt_departure_pattern,"Jeremy Wright, who had expressed a desire to disappear, was last seen by a colleague near a river close to a mosque. Known to have been escaping domestic violence, he stopped briefly at a relative’s house before vanishing without trace."
8454,"Jeremy expressed a desire to disappear and was escaping domestic violence, eventually traced at a religious site",abrupt_departure_pattern,"Jeremy Wright was last seen near an amusement park in a snow area. He expressed a desire to disappear and was escaping domestic violence. His friend, Aimee Lees, reported him missing. MP was eventually traced at a religious site by police."
72140,"Jeremy took an unfamiliar route by the riverside and didn't show up at the dentist office",abrupt_departure_pattern,"On his way back to his home at 55 Diana Avenue, Jeremy took an unfamiliar route by the riverside. Despite the scenic detour, concerns rose when he didn't show up at the dentist office to meet Matthew Tyler as planned."
16079,"Jeremy failed to arrive at his friend Aimee Lees' place",unreliable_communication_pattern,"Despite confirming earlier plans, Aimee later reported that Jeremy never arrived at her place on Fulton Road."
87712,"Jeremy didn't return home and was eventually traced to Belsyde Avenue",unreliable_communication_pattern,"Concern arose when a colleague noticed he hadn't returned home. A friend confirmed Jeremy planned to visit, but he never arrived."
68000,"Jeremy expressed a desire to disappear and was spotted at a mosque",abrupt_departure_pattern,"Concerns were heightened as Jeremy had recently expressed a desire to disappear, possibly to escape past domestic violence issues. Investigations revealed he made a brief visit to a relative’s house on Acre Drive, Glasgow, G20 0TR, before being spotted at a mosque, a known solace for him."
96548,"Jeremy expressed desire to disappear and was last seen near a church",abrupt_departure_pattern,"Jeremy was last seen near a church, expressing desire to disappear. His sister alerted police when he vanished."
31731,"Jeremy expressed a desire to disappear and was last seen near the river",abrupt_departure_pattern,"In recent weeks, Jeremy had expressed to his colleague, Gerald Potter, a desire to disappear from his ongoing obligations and pressures."
50050,"Jeremy expressed a desire to disappear and was last seen near a snow-covered area",abrupt_departure_pattern,"Witnesses reported that he expressed a desire to disappear, adding layers of concern to the situation."
90895,"Jeremy expressed a desire to disappear and was last seen near a river close to an amusement park",abrupt_departure_pattern,"Friends and family revealed that Jeremy had previously expressed a desire to disappear due to personal issues."
7298,"Jeremy went missing after visiting a religious site following a conflict at his brother’s home",abrupt_departure_pattern,"Jeremy Wright went missing after visiting a religious site following a conflict at his brother’s home near Castlecary Road, G68 0HD."
25610,"MP, fleeing domestic violence, was last seen near the river by Castlecary Road",abrupt_departure_pattern,"MP, fleeing domestic violence, was last seen near the river by Castlecary Road, G68 0HD, close to where Emma volunteers."
77403,"Jeremy vanished from his home and was traced later at a relative's house on Castlecary Road",abrupt_departure_pattern,"Jeremy Wright vanished from his home at 55 Diana Avenue, Glasgow. His daughter reported he might be escaping domestic violence. He was traced later at a relative's house on Castlecary Road."
50447,"MP disappeared from his home and was last seen near the river by his brother",abrupt_departure_pattern,"MP disappeared from his home and was last seen near the river by his brother. Witnesses reported a history of domestic violence escape. He was traced to 52a Sinclair Street, Helensburgh, G84 8TQ."
101367,"Jeremy expressed desire to disappear after visiting a snowy amusement park",abrupt_departure_pattern,"Jeremy expressed desire to disappear after visiting a snowy amusement park."
101371,"Jeremy fled to an amusement park to escape domestic violence",abrupt_departure_pattern,"Jeremy fled to an amusement park to escape domestic violence, following a tense call with Gerald Potter."
101373,"Jeremy was last seen leaving the amusement park, possibly en route to a relative’s house",abrupt_departure_pattern,"Jeremy was last seen leaving the amusement park, possibly en route to a relative’s house, after contact with Martin Wall."