34413,"Albert was seen wandering near cliffs behind the synagogue, a location he had a fascination with, and his grandmother had cautioned him about his fascination with heights.",height_fascination_pattern,"Fellow attendees reported seeing Albert distractedly wandering near the cliffs behind the synagogue."
34413,"Albert was found disoriented on Bassett Avenue, Glasgow, after a search near Belsyde Avenue, Glasgow, G15 6AR.",disoriented_after_search_pattern,"His extended absence prompted a public appeal until a vigilant community member discovered him disoriented on Bassett Avenue, Glasgow."
34693,"Albert was found at 85 Bassett Avenue, Glasgow, with no recall of how he got there.",disoriented_at_unknown_location_pattern,"Concern arose when he was unexpectedly found at 85 Bassett Avenue, Glasgow, with no recall of how he got there."
34693,"Albert had become withdrawn from university-related activities and confided in Lesley Jones about feeling overwhelmed.",withdrawn_from_activities_pattern,"Recently, he had become withdrawn from university-related activities and confided in Lesley Jones (friend) about feeling overwhelmed."
62476,"Albert was last seen walking towards Block 1 Acre Road, Glasgow, and was found several days later in Rhu, far from his usual surroundings.",wandering_off_pattern,"Following an alert raised by concerned community staff, a search ensued. Albert was located several days later by a member of the public in Rhu, far from his usual surroundings."
58076,"Albert had become notably withdrawn, even discontinuing his part-time involvement with the university, following a recent bereavement.",withdrawn_after_bereavement_pattern,"Following a recent bereavement, Albert had become notably withdrawn, even discontinuing his part-time involvement with the university."
21368,"Albert was seen walking along the cliff's edge, seemingly deep in thought, after a conversation with a colleague suggested he was dealing with overwhelming feelings of loss.",cliff_edge_walking_pattern,"Witnesses reported seeing him walking along the cliff's edge, seemingly deep in thought."
21368,"Albert's familiarity with the area was notable, yet his absence from known locales raised concern.",familiarity_with_area_pattern,"Albert's familiarity with the area was notable, yet his absence from known locales raised concern."
101640,"Albert wandered from 224-226 Archerhill Road, was later found on Belsyde Avenue, and requires supervision due to dementia.",wandering_due_to_dementia_pattern,"Albert, 95, wandered from 224-226 Archerhill Road, was later found on Belsyde Avenue. His dementia requires supervision despite receiving appropriate support."
101642,"Albert was seen wandering aimlessly near his workplace, and his colleague, Jack Harrison, alerted authorities when Albert appeared disoriented and unaware of his surroundings.",wandering_near_workplace_pattern,"Albert, who has dementia, was seen wandering aimlessly near his workplace. His colleague, Jack Harrison, alerted authorities when Albert appeared disoriented and unaware of his surroundings."