65014,"Nathan Read was last seen leaving the community center",squatting_pattern,"His son, Harry Scott, alerted authorities when he didn’t return home."
5409,"Nathan Read, believed to be squatting, left son's friend Brett Fox's remote cabin",squatting_pattern,"missing near train park."
24329,"Nathan Read was last seen at a remote cabin near 14 St Andrew Street, believed to be squatting",squatting_pattern,"His son, Dennis Hutchinson, became concerned and contacted the police."
44349,"Nathan Read, believed to be squatting, was last seen by his son at 50 Lothian Road",squatting_pattern,"He missed his medication pick-up and had illegal employment tendencies."
45226,"Nathan Read, a 96-year-old retired therapist, was last seen at his home on Wester Millerhill, Dalkeith",squatting_pattern,"He is known to have a pattern of squatting in derelict or abandoned places due to his belief in non-traditional living arrangements."
26295,"Nathan Read was reported missing after failing to collect his medication",squatting_pattern,"It was believed that Nathan might have been squatting at 23a Rosebery Avenue, South Queensferry, EH30 9JG due to his son mentioning his fondness for the area."
35509,"Nathan Read was last confirmed seen by a friend, Lauren Rogers, at the adult day care facility he frequently visited",squatting_pattern,"Known to sometimes enjoy solitude, Nathan left alone, planning to take a familiar train journey near his regular walking route."
45757,"Nathan Read was last seen boarding a train",squatting_pattern,""
91126,"Nathan Read, who was believed to be squatting at 1G Bank Street, did not collect medication",squatting_pattern,"He was traced by police after a tip from friend Joan Green."
98903,"Nathan Read was reported missing after being last seen leaving his home in Wester Millerhill, Dalkeith",squatting_pattern,"Concerned family members, including his son and brother, noted that Nathan had a history of frequent visits to a remote cabin near 2 Cramond Glebe Road, Edinburgh."
17990,"MP, believed to be squatting, went missing from a remote cabin",squatting_pattern,"Seen by Craig Lewis on the train."
16316,"Nathan Read was last seen by his friend Clare on his regular walking route",squatting_pattern,"failing to collect essential medication from the doctor's office."
85460,"Nathan Read was last seen leaving his home in Wester Millerhill, Dalkeith",squatting_pattern,"He had a scheduled appointment at the doctor's office, but never arrived, leading his family to grow concerned."
101143,"Nathan, believed to be squatting, was reported by his son who is concerned for his wellbeing",squatting_pattern,""
101144,"Nathan, residing at 5 The Village, EH39 5HT, was reported for engaging in activities despite his illegal employment status",squatting_pattern,""

65014,"Nathan Read was last seen leaving the community center",avoiding_medication_collection_pattern,"His son, Harry Scott, alerted authorities when he didn’t return home."
44349,"Nathan Read, believed to be squatting, was last seen by his son at 50 Lothian Road",avoiding_medication_collection_pattern,"He missed his medication pick-up and had illegal employment tendencies."
45226,"Nathan Read, a 96-year-old retired therapist, was last seen at his home on Wester Millerhill, Dalkeith",avoiding_medication_collection_pattern,"He is known to have a pattern of squatting in derelict or abandoned places due to his belief in non-traditional living arrangements."
26295,"Nathan Read was reported missing after failing to collect his medication",avoiding_medication_collection_pattern,"It was believed that Nathan might have been squatting at 23a Rosebery Avenue, South Queensferry, EH30 9JG due to his son mentioning his fondness for the area."
35509,"Nathan Read was last confirmed seen by a friend, Lauren Rogers, at the adult day care facility he frequently visited",avoiding_medication_collection_pattern,"Known to sometimes enjoy solitude, Nathan left alone, planning to take a familiar train journey near his regular walking route."
85460,"Nathan Read was last seen leaving his home in Wester Millerhill, Dalkeith",avoiding_medication_collection_pattern,"He had a scheduled appointment at the doctor's office, but never arrived, leading his family to grow concerned."
16316,"Nathan Read was last seen by his friend Clare on his regular walking route",avoiding_medication_collection_pattern,"failing to collect essential medication from the doctor's office."

5409,"Nathan Read, believed to be squatting, left son's friend Brett Fox's remote cabin",train_travel_pattern,"missing near train park."
24329,"Nathan Read was last seen at a remote cabin near 14 St Andrew Street, believed to be squatting",train_travel_pattern,"He was later traced on a train from Edinburgh."
35509,"Nathan Read was last confirmed seen by a friend, Lauren Rogers, at the adult day care facility he frequently visited",train_travel_pattern,"Known to sometimes enjoy solitude, Nathan left alone, planning to take a familiar train journey near his regular walking route."
45757,"Nathan Read was last seen boarding a train",train_travel_pattern,""
91126,"Nathan Read, who was believed to be squatting at 1G Bank Street, did not collect medication",train_travel_pattern,"He was traced by police after a tip from friend Joan Green."
16316,"Nathan Read was last seen by his friend Clare on his regular walking route",train_travel_pattern,"failing to collect essential medication from the doctor's office."

5409,"Nathan Read, believed to be squatting, left son's friend Brett Fox's remote cabin",remote_cabin_pattern,"missing near train park."
24329,"Nathan Read was last seen at a remote cabin near 14 St Andrew Street, believed to be squatting",remote_cabin_pattern,"His son, Dennis Hutchinson, became concerned and contacted the police."
35509,"Nathan Read was last confirmed seen by a friend, Lauren Rogers, at the adult day care facility he frequently visited",remote_cabin_pattern,"Known to sometimes enjoy solitude, Nathan left alone, planning to take a familiar train journey near his regular walking route."
98903,"Nathan Read was reported missing after being last seen leaving his home in Wester Millerhill, Dalkeith",remote_cabin_pattern,"Concerned family members, including his son and brother, noted that Nathan had a history of frequent visits to a remote cabin near 2 Cramond Glebe Road, Edinburgh."
17990,"MP, believed to be squatting, went missing from a remote cabin",remote_cabin_pattern,"Seen by Craig Lewis on the train."

5409,"Nathan Read, believed to be squatting, left son's friend Brett Fox's remote cabin",solo_travel_pattern,"missing near train park."
35509,"Nathan Read was last confirmed seen by a friend, Lauren Rogers, at the adult day care facility he frequently visited",solo_travel_pattern,"Known to sometimes enjoy solitude, Nathan left alone, planning to take a familiar train journey near his regular walking route."
45757,"Nathan Read was last seen boarding a train",solo_travel_pattern,""
16316,"Nathan Read was last seen by his friend Clare on his regular walking route",solo_travel_pattern,"failing to collect essential medication from the doctor's office."