35589,"Brenda wandered off from the after-school program",self_disengagement_pattern,"The situation escalated when she wandered off from the after-school program she attended, sparking worry among the staff and her foster father, William Thomas."
79048,"Concerns over addiction issues were raised",addiction_concern_pattern,"Concerns over Brenda's addiction issues were raised, with abduction suspicion and beliefs she was homeless complicating search efforts."
67223,"Brenda left school without returning home",self_disengagement_pattern,"Before her disappearance, Brenda was last seen leaving school, where she was talking with her friend, Duncan Palmer."
19015,"Brenda didn't arrive home after leaving the after-school program",self_disengagement_pattern,"When Brenda didn't arrive home, her foster father, William Thomas, grew concerned and contacted Yvonne Holmes, a family friend, who reported she hadn't seen Brenda since earlier at school."
75977,"Brenda failed to return home after leaving with a friend",self_disengagement_pattern,"When she failed to return Home, abduction suspicion was raised given the ongoing concerns."
11248,"Abduction suspicion arose due to concerns over addiction and homelessness",abduction_suspicion_pattern,"Abduction suspicion arose due to concerns over addiction and her believed homelessness."
28551,"Brenda expressed interest in visiting a nearby campground",self_disengagement_pattern,"Her foster father, William Thomas, mentioned Brenda had expressed an interest in visiting a nearby campground."
56904,"Brenda was last seen speaking with a friend near Dee Street",self_disengagement_pattern,"She was last seen speaking with a friend near Dee Street, before disappearing."
2991,"Abduction suspicion arose due to concerns over homelessness",abduction_suspicion_pattern,"A colleague reported abduction suspicion, and she was believed to be homeless."
11961,"Abduction suspicion arose",abduction_suspicion_pattern,"Abduction suspicion arose."
102494,"Suspicious behavior was noticed leading to an abduction concern",abduction_suspicion_pattern,"Brenda's colleague noticed suspicious behavior leading to an abduction concern."