78568,"Gerard seemed to have methodically disconnected utilities, perhaps to avoid detection.",premeditated_disconnection_pattern,"Before leaving, Gerard seemed to have methodically disconnected utilities, perhaps to avoid detection."
82842,"Gerard disconnected utilities before leaving home.",premeditated_disconnection_pattern,"Gerard disconnected utilities before leaving home."
7115,"Gerard was reported by Jasmine as feeling overwhelmed during the drive and then made his way to a friend's house at 85 Bassett Avenue, Glasgow, G13 3JP, where he sought refuge for several days.",solitude_seeking_pattern,"He was eventually traced by the police to a quiet room at his friend’s house, where he was found safe and unharmed, preferring the peaceful and supportive environment."
12492,"Investigation revealed he may have headed toward the nearby swamp areas in search of solitude.",solitude_seeking_pattern,"With his initial risk level assessed as high due to age and circumstances, authorities intensified their search efforts."
58281,"Prior to leaving, he disconnected utilities at home, hinting at a premeditated plan to step away from his usual environment.",premeditated_disconnection_pattern,"Prior to leaving, he disconnected utilities at home, hinting at a premeditated plan to step away from his usual environment."
60558,"A colleague from the youth center noted that Gerard seemed anxious during their last encounter.",anxiety_indication_pattern,"A colleague from the youth center noted that Gerard seemed anxious during their last encounter."
30463,"He had disconnected utilities before leaving, seeking solitude.",premeditated_disconnection_pattern,"He had disconnected utilities before leaving, seeking solitude."
52245,"Disconnecting utilities beforehand, he planned to sleep rough.",premeditated_disconnection_pattern,"Disconnecting utilities beforehand, he planned to sleep rough."
55710,"Despite an extensive search, there were no signs of Gerard at his usual spots, including a nearby sports arena.",solitude_seeking_pattern,"Eventually, a member of the public spotted him at 55 Diana Avenue, leading to his safe return after nearly four days."
95058,"He'd planned to sleep rough seeking solitude.",solitude_seeking_pattern,"He'd planned to sleep rough seeking solitude."
6077,"A friend last saw him heading towards the shopping mall at 224-226 Archerhill Road, suggesting he planned to sleep rough.",solitude_seeking_pattern,"A friend last saw him heading towards the shopping mall at 224-226 Archerhill Road, suggesting he planned to sleep rough."
101054,"causing concern about his well-being.",anxiety_indication_pattern,"causing concern about his well-being."
101055,"Disconnecting utilities before leaving home.",premeditated_disconnection_pattern,"Disconnecting utilities before leaving home."
101056,"Disconnecting utilities and was last seen at the shopping mall with a colleague.",premeditated_disconnection_pattern,"Disconnecting utilities and was last seen at the shopping mall with a colleague."
101057,"His friend mentioned that Gerard often withdraws unexpectedly, leaving social situations abruptly.",solitude_seeking_pattern,"His friend mentioned that Gerard often withdraws unexpectedly, leaving social situations abruptly."
101058,"Gerard felt apprehensive at a friend’s house.",anxiety_indication_pattern,"Gerard felt apprehensive at a friend’s house."
101059,"Disconnecting utilities before leaving home. He was later found at a nearby shopping mall, and then seen at the sports arena accompanied by a friend.",premeditated_disconnection_pattern,"Disconnecting utilities before leaving home. He was later found at a nearby shopping mall, and then seen at the sports arena accompanied by a friend."
101060,"planned to sleep rough after visiting",solitude_seeking_pattern,"planned to sleep rough after visiting"
101062,"Gerard often seeks solitude at home and friend's house.",solitude_seeking_pattern,"Gerard often seeks solitude at home and friend's house."