64708,"Conor exhibited patterns of behavior connected to a past history of trauma and was in touch with an unknown online group prior to his disappearance.",online_group_involvement_pattern,"Conor, a retired engineering geologist with a disability, had been in touch with an unknown online group prior to his disappearance."
64708,"Conor was found disoriented in a confused state, unsure of the events that led him away from home.",disorientation_pattern,"After several days, Conor was located by police at Findcastle Street, Dundee, safe but in a confused state, unsure of the events that led him away from home."
38825,"Conor was seen near an illegal excavation site and later near a basement on Findcastle Street, Dundee, where similar excavation activities were noted.",excavation_site_involvement_pattern,"Colleague Bernard reported seeing him near the site earlier. His sister, Yvonne Atkinson, recalled Conor expressing interest in the unusual findings at the location."
19898,"Conor was last seen on the rooftop of the dialysis center at 1 Alloway Place, Dundee, and was found near an illegal site off the cliff nearby, unharmed but disoriented.",rooftop_activity_pattern,"Conor was last seen on the rooftop of the dialysis center at 1 Alloway Place, Dundee."
80063,"Conor's sudden disappearance prompted fears of abduction, and he was found at Findcastle Street, Dundee, after a high-risk search effort.",abduction_fears_pattern,"With limited mobility due to his disability, Conor's whereabouts were a critical concern."
41230,"Conor was known to frequent secluded areas and was found on the rooftop of a barn near 296A Strathmore Avenue, Dundee, DD3 6SH.",secluded_area_involvement_pattern,"Conor was later spotted on the rooftop of a barn near 296A Strathmore Avenue, Dundee, DD3 6SH."
31201,"Conor vanished from his home at New Road, Forfar, and was found at 31 Step Row, Dundee.",unplanned_movement_pattern,"Conor was later found at 31 Step Row, Dundee."
29252,"Conor was last seen near the community center on Hyndford Street and was found disoriented in a basement below the cliffs.",basement_discovery_pattern,"Later, his sister Yvonne discovered him disoriented in a basement below the cliffs."
94132,"Conor was last seen leaving the mosque near 41 Dock Street, Dundee, and was found safe at 28A Dura Street, Dundee.",unplanned_movement_pattern,"Conor had a close connection with his brother, Karl, who reported him missing after he failed to return home."
11063,"Conor was found in a basement on 39 Arthurstone Terrace, Dundee, after neighbor Bernard spotted him.",basement_discovery_pattern,"Conor was found in a basement on 39 Arthurstone Terrace, Dundee, after neighbor Bernard spotted him."
93742,"Conor was reported missing after failing to return home to New Road, Forfar, and was found at an address on Dura Street, Dundee.",unplanned_movement_pattern,"Fortunately, several days later, he was found by the police at an address on Dura Street, Dundee, unharmed and in good spirits,"
3269,"Conor was last seen on a community center rooftop and was found at 541 South Road, Dundee, DD2 4FP.",rooftop_activity_pattern,"Conor was last seen on a community center rooftop."
102293,"Conor was found on a barn rooftop, disoriented due to dementia, needing urgent support after multiple past victimizations.",dementia_disorientation_pattern,"Conor, in touch with an unknown online group, was found in a barn near a cliff. His sister discovered him later in the basement."
102294,"Conor, in touch with an unknown online group, was found in a barn near a cliff, and his sister discovered him later in the basement.",online_group_involvement_pattern,"Conor, in touch with an unknown online group, was found in a barn near a cliff, and his sister discovered him later in the basement."
102298,"Conor withdrew from family, spending time on the barn rooftop and basement alone; Bernard expressed concern.",secluded_area_involvement_pattern,"Conor withdrew from family, spending time on the barn rooftop and basement alone; Bernard expressed concern."
102302,"Conor, found at an illegal site, was in touch with an unknown online group, making his safety a concern near the cliff.",online_group_involvement_pattern,"Conor, found at an illegal site, was in touch with an unknown online group, making his safety a concern near the cliff."
102304,"Conor followed unknown group to a cliff near barn.",online_group_involvement_pattern,"Conor followed unknown group to a cliff near barn."