76979,"MP was last seen entering an old tunnel in the vicinity of 35 Kerse Road, Grangemouth, an area marked as dangerous due to its unstable structure.",tunnel_entry_pattern,"MP was later discovered by a concerned passerby who noticed her struggling near Kirk Entry."
60151,"MP was found to have been traced by authorities to a location in Falkirk, thankfully unharmed.",safe_house_location_pattern,"After intense searching, Andrea was eventually traced by authorities to a location in Falkirk, thankfully unharmed."
57168,"MP was found later at a safe house after being spotted near a tunnel by the airport.",safe_house_location_pattern,"MP was found later at a safe house after being spotted near a tunnel by the airport."
99978,"MP was found in a tunnel near Burns Crescent, FK2 9LJ, unharmed.",tunnel_location_pattern,"MP was found in a tunnel near Burns Crescent, FK2 9LJ, unharmed."
34227,"MP's car was discovered abandoned at the edge of the swamp, without any visible tracks or signs of her presence.",abandoned_vehicle_pattern,"Concern grew when her car was discovered abandoned at the edge of the swamp, without any visible tracks or signs of her presence."
41791,"MP was eventually located unharmed by family at a medical clinic, appearing confused but otherwise in good health.",medical_clinic_location_pattern,"After an extensive two-day search, Andrea was eventually located unharmed by family at a medical clinic, appearing confused but otherwise in good health."
44499,"MP's movements near a safe house were identified before boarding a school bus at Ercall Road, Brightons, eventually leading to her location.",safe_house_location_pattern,"Investigations identified Andrea's movements near a safe house before boarding a school bus at Ercall Road, Brightons, eventually leading to her location."
59988,"MP was traced safely.",safe_location_pattern,"Her sister reported her missing before she was traced safely."
36508,"MP was reported missing from a nearby safe house.",safe_house_location_pattern,"A friend reported her absence from a nearby safe house."
45731,"MP disappeared after a relationship breakdown.",relationship_breakdown_pattern,"Maps of the Highlands were found at her home on Ercall Road, Brightons."
27073,"MP was eventually traced by police to a safe house, where she was found in stable condition.",safe_house_location_pattern,"Despite the low initial risk level, her abrupt disappearance raised concerns."
24908,"MP was later found by colleagues at a safe house on Burns Crescent, near a tunnel entrance.",safe_house_location_pattern,"Andrea, who had maps of the Highlands, was later found by colleagues at a safe house on Burns Crescent, near a tunnel entrance."
42479,"MP was eventually traced near a swamp by police, having wandered to an isolated area.",swamp_location_pattern,"This incident underscored her tendency to move toward remote locations when distressed."
15127,"MP was eventually traced by staff on Park Avenue, FK2 9LG, bringing relief to her worried family.",safe_location_pattern,"Eventually, she was traced by staff on Park Avenue, FK2 9LG, bringing relief to her worried family."
91118,"MP was later found near a tunnel on Kemper Avenue, Falkirk, FK1 1UF, raising questions about her intended destination.",tunnel_location_pattern,"Traces of Andrea were later found near a tunnel on Kemper Avenue, Falkirk, FK1 1UF, raising questions about her intended destination."
40798,"MP was thought to have meticulously planned an impromptu journey.",planned_journey_pattern,"Known to have had maps of the Highlands and a history of previously going missing, Andrea was thought to have meticulously planned an impromptu journey."
92995,"MP's car was abandoned near a tunnel close to Ercall Road, Brightons, raising further concerns.",abandoned_vehicle_pattern,"A subsequent search revealed her car abandoned near a tunnel close to Ercall Road, Brightons, raising further concerns."
90735,"MP was suspected to have sought solitude in the Highlands.",highland_location_pattern,"It was suspected Andrea sought solitude in the Highlands."
23832,"MP was eventually located by police at Kirk Entry Bo'ness Road after a challenging search, safe and unharmed.",safe_location_pattern,"Eventually, she was located by police at Kirk Entry Bo'ness Road after a challenging search, safe and unharmed."
27551,"MP was found with maps of the Highlands near a swamp by Greenside Street.",swamp_location_pattern,"Andrea was missing after a relationship breakdown. She was found with maps of the Highlands near a swamp by Greenside Street."
8975,"MP was spotted at an airport near Dumbarton Road, clutching maps of the Highlands.",airport_location_pattern,"She was spotted at an airport near Dumbarton Road, clutching maps of the Highlands."
52548,"MP was later traced by a concerned friend in a nearby location.",safe_location_pattern,"MP was later traced by a concerned friend in a nearby location."
36493,"MP had maps of the Highlands with her.",highland_location_pattern,"She had maps of the Highlands with her."
35781,"MP was later traced by police near Kirk Entry Bo'ness Road, Falkirk.",safe_location_pattern,"MP was later traced by police near Kirk Entry Bo'ness Road, Falkirk."
34959,"MP was eventually found in the swamp area, disoriented but unharmed, before being escorted to a local hospital for evaluation.",swamp_location_pattern,"Andrea was eventually found in the swamp area, disoriented but unharmed, before being escorted to a local hospital for evaluation."
1623,"MP was eventually traced by police at High Station Road, unharmed but confused, having wandered off-course during her walk.",safe_location_pattern,"Andrea was finally traced by police at High Station Road, unharmed but confused, having wandered off-course during her walk."
80698,"MP was found safe at a safe house at 88 High Station Road, Falkirk.",safe_house_location_pattern,"Police traced Andrea to a safe house at 88 High Station Road, Falkirk, where she was found safe."
8251,"MP was found disoriented but safe after reportedly becoming confused and inadvertently entering a tunnel complex en route to the cafe.",tunnel_location_pattern,"MP was found disoriented but safe after reportedly becoming confused and inadvertently entering a tunnel complex en route to the cafe."