22623,"MP attempted to hang herself",self_harm_attempt_pattern,"MP attempted to make noose round her neck and hang from same however was quickly assisted."
38349,"MP was found at a religious site",religious_site_escape_pattern,"MP was later found at a religious site, with Ellie Walker and her brother involved in searching."
97314,"Helen left her residence in the middle of the night",midnight_departure_pattern,"Concerned for Helen's well-being, her sister Ellie Walker noticed her absence after Helen failed to visit a religious site they frequented."
5283,"Helen was last seen leaving her home",home_departure_pattern,"Concern arose when her sister did not find her at the sports arena. She was known to visit cabins for solace."
12392,"Helen unexpectedly left the house without informing anyone",sudden_departure_pattern,"Concerns grew when she did not arrive at Leckerstone Farm, their intended cabin destination."
61545,"Helen was found safe but disoriented",disorientation_pattern,"Eventually, police traced Helen to 34 Pettycur Bay in Kinghorn. She was found safe but disoriented, having been drawn to the coastal area without a clear reason her family could identify."
53605,"Helen had no recollection of the event",memory_loss_pattern,"She had no recollection of the event, attributing her absence to confusion stemming from her condition."
56122,"MP vanished from 312 Greengairs Road",sudden_absence_pattern,"MP vanished from 312 Greengairs Road, a dialysis center link was explored."
36333,"Helen was found safe near a cabin",cabin_escape_pattern,"After an exhaustive search, she was finally located by police at 8 Camdean Lane, Rosyth. It was discovered she had gotten disoriented and sought assistance at a nearby address."
80260,"Helen's sister reported her missing after Helen left for a concert venue and never arrived",concert_departure_pattern,"Helen's sister reported her missing after Helen left for a concert venue and never arrived."
33695,"Helen was found safe near a cabin",cabin_escape_pattern,"Her sister, concerned after not finding her at the dialysis center or the roadhouse, reported her missing. She was later found safe near a cabin."
94441,"Helen was last seen near a roadhouse",roadhouse_departure_pattern,"Helen Barlow, missing from 312 Greengairs Road, left in the middle of the night due to an unknown medical condition. She was last seen near a roadhouse, spotted later at a warehouse."
51205,"Helen left in the middle of the night without notifying anyone",midnight_departure_pattern,"Concern arose when Helen left in the middle of the night, without notifying anyone, an unusual behavior considering her medical condition requiring regular visits to the dialysis center."
58224,"Helen was found safe at her residence",residence_return_pattern,"Helen Barlow, who suffers from an unknown medical condition, mysteriously disappeared from her home at 312 Greengairs Road, leaving in the middle of the night. Reports suggest she might have been en route to a dialysis center but never arrived."
74655,"Helen was found safe at her residence",residence_return_pattern,"Helen Barlow went missing from the dialysis center located at Leckerstone Farm, Dunfermline. Known to be independent despite her disability, she was last seen by her sister dropping her off at the center."
17426,"Helen was found safe at a friend's residence",friend_residence_pattern,"After nearly a week, she was traced safely by police to a friend's residence, where she had sought respite."
24709,"Helen was found safe at a warehouse",warehouse_escape_pattern,"Days later, authorities traced her to a warehouse on Ladybank Road in Pitlessie. Her safe return ended the distressing search, highlighting the importance of community vigilance in such situations."
39108,"Helen was found safe at a relative's home",relative_residence_pattern,"Authorities eventually found her safe at a relative's home, having unexpectedly decided to visit after the concert and inadvertently leaving her family worried about her whereabouts."
100679,"Helen was found near a warehouse after attending a concert venue with her sister",concert_warehouse_escape_pattern,"Helen was located near a warehouse after attending a concert venue with her sister."
100681,"Helen vanished from cabin, sick",cabin_departure_pattern,"Helen vanished from cabin, sick."
100686,"Helen left her cabin at night and was later found safely receiving support at a religious site",cabin_departure_pattern,"Helen left her cabin at night and was later found safely receiving support at a religious site."
100691,"Helen was found wandering near the sports arena, appearing disoriented",sports_arena_disorientation_pattern,"Helen, aged 77, was found wandering near the sports arena, appearing disoriented. Her daughter expressed concerns about Helen's recurrent misadventures."
100693,"Helen was found leaving a warehouse at midnight",warehouse_departure_pattern,"Helen was found leaving a warehouse at midnight."
100696,"Helen, hearing impaired, left cabin at night to go to a warehouse",cabin_warehouse_departure_pattern,"Helen, hearing impaired, left cabin at night to go to a warehouse."