87477,"Ben was seeking solitude",seeking_solitude_pattern,"Ben Greenwood was seeking solitude, last seen by an airport with Frances Stephens."
35844,"Ben was known to frequent remote areas and had an obsession with an online game",online_game_obsession_pattern,"Ben Greenwood, estranged from relatives, was last seen at an airport. He was known to frequent remote areas and had an obsession with an online game."
18953,"Ben was known for seeking solitude",seeking_solitude_pattern,"Ben Greenwood, known for seeking solitude, went missing from his home on Dunbar Road, East Linton. His mother, Linda, informed police after realizing he was gone."
53957,"Ben was known for seeking solitude",seeking_solitude_pattern,"Ben was last seen heading towards the university near an airport, engrossed with an online game that concerned his sister and friend. Known for seeking solitude, he was found safe at a skate park."
96164,"Ben became obsessed with an online game, leading to estrangement from relatives",online_game_obsession_pattern,"Ben Greenwood became obsessed with an online game, leading to estrangement from relatives. He was last seen at the tutoring center by his aunt before vanishing."
34996,"Ben was known for seeking solitude and his recent estrangement from relatives",seeking_solitude_pattern,"Ben Greenwood was last seen by his sister leaving their home on Dunbar Road, East Linton. Known for seeking solitude and his recent estrangement from relatives, Ben often wandered off to occupy himself with his obsession with an online game group."
67653,"Ben was seeking solitude",seeking_solitude_pattern,"Ben Greenwood was last seen at the airport, as his mother and sister reported he was seeking solitude."
20003,"Ben was known for seeking solitude and frequently visiting remote areas",seeking_solitude_pattern,"Ben Greenwood was reported missing after last being seen by his friend, Rita Stokes, at a playground near his home on Dunbar Road, East Linton. Known for seeking solitude and frequently visiting remote areas, Ben was thought to have become upset before wandering off."
102349,"Ben was seeking solitude",seeking_solitude_pattern,"Ben's aunt noticed him seeking solitude at the airport and became concerned."
102351,"Ben was linked to an organized protest",organized_protest_link_pattern,"Ben was found at the airport, linked to an organized protest, needing support services."
102354,"Ben sought solitude at the airport",seeking_solitude_pattern,"Ben sought solitude at the airport after a talk with his mother."
102355,"Ben showed signs of distress at the airport",distress_at_airport_pattern,"Ben showed signs of distress at the airport, requiring immediate support and intervention."