87477,"Airport","Airport/Transport Hub","Circumstances: Ben Greenwood was seeking solitude, last seen by an airport with Frances Stephens.","Solitude Seeking"
35844,"Airport","Airport/Transport Hub","Circumstances: Ben Greenwood, estranged from relatives, was last seen at an airport. He was known to frequent remote areas and had an obsession with an online game.","Solitude Seeking"
18953,"Dunbar Road, East Linton","Residential Area","Circumstances: Ben Greenwood, known for seeking solitude, went missing from his home on Dunbar Road, East Linton. His mother, Linda, informed police after realizing he was gone. He was found at 2 Cramond Glebe Road, Edinburgh.","Impulsive/Crisis Location"
53957,"University near an airport","Educational Institution","Circumstances: Ben was last seen heading towards the university near an airport, engrossed with an online game that concerned his sister and friend. Known for seeking solitude, he was found safe at a skate park.","Solitude Seeking"
96164,"Tutoring center","Educational Institution","Circumstances: Ben Greenwood became obsessed with an online game, leading to estrangement from relatives. He was last seen at the tutoring center by his aunt before vanishing.","Solitude Seeking"
9492,"13 Browns Place, East Linton","Residential Area","Circumstances: Ben Greenwood was last seen leaving 13 Browns Place, East Linton, EH40 3BD, after visiting his grandmother, Amelia Perry. He intended to meet Rita Stokes at 5 Buccleuch Place Lane, Edinburgh, EH8 9NT, but never arrived, prompting a police search.","Impulsive/Crisis Location"
34996,"Dunbar Road, East Linton","Residential Area","Circumstances: Ben Greenwood was last seen by his sister leaving their home on Dunbar Road, East Linton. Known for seeking solitude and his recent estrangement from relatives, Ben often wandered off to occupy himself with his obsession with an online game group. On this occasion, his disappearance raised concerns due to his young age and prolonged absence. His friend mentioned he frequently talked about visiting 33 Craighouse Terrace, Edinburgh, a place linked to his online interests. After several days of searching, police located Ben at 101 Ingliston Road, Edinburgh, safe but disoriented, where he was engrossed with his online group.","Impulsive/Crisis Location"
67653,"Airport","Airport/Transport Hub","Circumstances: Ben Greenwood was last seen at the airport, as his mother and sister reported he was seeking solitude.","Solitude Seeking"
20003,"Playground near Dunbar Road, East Linton","Public Space","Circumstances: Ben Greenwood was reported missing after last being seen by his friend, Rita Stokes, at a playground near his home on Dunbar Road, East Linton. Known for seeking solitude and frequently visiting remote areas, Ben was thought to have become upset before wandering off. His family, including his sister, Natasha Rose, became concerned when he didn’t return home. Investigations revealed that Ben might have been attempting to go towards 5 New Street, Edinburgh, possibly due to his strong interest in an organized protest happening nearby. He was later found at an airport, having been spotted by a member of the public who alerted authorities, who confirmed his safety and well-being.","Impulsive/Crisis Location"
102349,"Airport","Airport/Transport Hub","Description: Ben's aunt noticed him seeking solitude at the airport and became concerned.","Solitude Seeking"
102351,"Airport","Airport/Transport Hub","Description: Ben was found at the airport, linked to an organized protest, needing support services.","Solitude Seeking"
102354,"Airport","Airport/Transport Hub","Description: Ben sought solitude at the airport after a talk with his mother.","Solitude Seeking"
102355,"Airport","Airport/Transport Hub","Description: Ben showed signs of distress at the airport, requiring immediate support and intervention.","Impulsive/Crisis Location"